# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via matrix-nio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   aiohttp-socks
    #   langchain-community
    #   matrix-nio
aiohttp-socks==0.10.1
    # via matrix-nio
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.21.0
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
apscheduler==3.11.0
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
    #   python-socks
atomicwrites==1.4.1
    # via matrix-nio
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   jarvis (pyproject.toml)
    #   wikipedia
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   matrix-nio
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   python-olm
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via uvicorn
cryptography==45.0.2
    # via pyjwt
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via pygithub
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   langchain-google-community
google-api-python-client==2.169.0
    # via
    #   jarvis (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-google-community
google-auth==2.40.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   jarvis (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via langchain-google-community
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
greenlet==3.2.2
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via langchain-google-community
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   matrix-nio
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.2.0
    # via matrix-nio
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   jarvis (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langserve
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   zep-cloud
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via matrix-nio
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.25
    # via
    #   jarvis (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.24
    # via
    #   jarvis (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-google-community
langchain-core==0.3.60
    # via
    #   jarvis (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-google-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
    #   langserve
langchain-experimental==0.3.4
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
langchain-google-community==2.0.7
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
langchain-openai==0.3.17
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.4.5
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.26
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.8
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.70
    # via langgraph
langserve==0.3.1
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matrix-nio==0.25.2
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
neo4j==5.28.1
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
numpy==2.2.6
    # via langchain-community
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openai==1.81.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langserve
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.9.1
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
peewee==3.18.1
    # via matrix-nio
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==6.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.23.0
    # via matrix-nio
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph
    #   langserve
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   zep-cloud
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
pygithub==2.6.1
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via pygithub
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via pygithub
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
python-olm==3.2.16
    # via matrix-nio
python-socks==2.7.1
    # via aiohttp-socks
pytz==2025.2
    # via neo4j
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   pygithub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   wikipedia
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sse-starlette==2.3.5
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   sse-starlette
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   aiosqlite
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pygithub
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
    #   zep-cloud
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via apscheduler
unpaddedbase64==2.1.0
    # via matrix-nio
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   pygithub
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
wikipedia==1.4.0
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zep-cloud==2.12.3
    # via jarvis (pyproject.toml)
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
